Okay. All set.
Gimme one of those laughs again, Joss.
That's great, yeah.
Gimme some innocence now.
That's great. Right down the barrel.
And some doe-eye looks.
Beautiful.
Now mischievous.
Play with the camera.
Okay. Pure sex now.
That's good.
Gimme vulnerable.
Beautiful.
And now emotional.
That's beautiful.
I'm stepping in.
- Can we also get hair?
- Okay.
Can we get a water?
Okay. All right, let's see.
Joss.
Time to get up, Joss.
Coffee's on the table.
Thank you.
But what is the image saying?
That she's young, beautiful,
and damaged.
Not damaged.
She had problems
that she overcame beautifully.
Okay. The robe, the hospital wristband.
Are we romanticizing mental illness?
Absolutely.
And you're fine with that?
That's cool?
You people are so out of touch.
- Here we go.
- You people?
You college-educated internet people.
You're criticizing me
for going to college.
Will you let people enjoy sex, drugs,
and hot girls, okay?
Stop trying to cock-block America.
No, Nikki, I'm not some sort of prude.
I just don't think that with
everything that she has been through,
she should be wearing
a hospital wristband.
Mental illness is sexy.
- No, it's not.
- Yeah.
if you live in Sioux City, Iowa,
you are never gonna meet a girl
like Jocelyn.
She's not walking down the street.
She didn't go to your high school.
She doesn't work at the bar or the diner.
And she did not marry your best friend.
And if, on the off chance, she did,
she is still never, ever gonna fuck you.
Unless, she has some very,
very serious mental problems.
And that right there
is why mental illness
is sexy.
Great. Keep lookin', right here.
It's a pretty good point.
Oh, beautiful.
Yeah. Extend yourself. Yeah.
Oh, playful. I like it.
- I'm sorry.
- Could I just get one second?
No, actually, this can't wait.
Can you--
So sorry, Jocelyn. Be right back.
She's doin' great, you gotta admit.
- Gorgeous.
- I mean, not since Brigitte Bardot.
A little Sharon Tate.
Oh, God forbid.
According to the nudity rider,
we only can show the side boob,
the under boob, and the side flank.
I didn't ask. She did it.
- Is there a problem?
- I'll let you handle this one.
Her areola is clearly visible.
- Yeah, it looks great.
- Be that as it may,
we can't actually do this.
- We can't do what?
- Show her breasts.
Yeah?
The nudity rider's already been negotiated
with the label and her people and--
- How are you?
- Hi. What are we talking about?
- Your tits.
- Your nudity rider.
- It's very strict.
- It is my body.
Yes. Yes, it is
and no one is arguing that.
If you want to show your body,
which would be great,
we have to change the nudity rider.
Okay, so let's fucking change
the nudity rider.
Well, it takes at least 48 hours.
Okay, so I'm not allowed to show my body?
Not in the general, like,
human rights structure of it all.
Chaim, you need to get off the phone.
There's an emergency.
- What, what?
- It's an emergency. I need you over here.
You realize how fucking annoying
and insane that sounds?
It's actually very progressive.
It's to make sure
she doesn't feel pressured.
Right. I don't feel pressured.
- Fully respect that.
- This is her album cover.
It's also my boob and my house.
Fully respect body autonomy.
Juan, I gotta go. All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Chaim?
- What? What?
- I gotta show you somethin'.
- Here.
- What is that?
- This photo just leaked.
- Eleven minutes ago.
- Yeah, but what, what is it?
- Chaimy, it's cum.
- What?
- On her face.
- Someone came
on her face and then took a photo.
You wanna get in closer?
Oh my--
- Who did that?
- I don't know, I don't know.
That was a selfie? She took a picture--
- That was--
- Yeah, you could tell by the angle.
It's kind of, it's like a--
She was on her fucking knees.
- She wasn't standing.
- Yeah, well, and she was on the ground.
Why would she do it to herself? What?
- Why would--
- He probably was fine as shit,
had a big-ass dick, and she felt good.
She fuckin' famous!
She can't do that.
- She can't fuckin' take a selfie--
- I will find out who it is.
- I promise.
- Where and when?
- You know who did this.
- I don't know.
- You live here.
- You fucking know.
- I know!
- Oh, you do too. Who the fu--
Or I know who goes into the room,
but I don't know who--
which of them came on her face.
When I find who did this,
I'm gonna put a fuckin'
bullet in his head.
You understand this?
And that's gonna be on your head.
But I'm also trying to be a good friend.
- And now--
- You're not a fuckin' friend.
- You work for her.
- Don't you fucking lie to me.
I'm not!
It's only been 11 minutes.
If you gave me 10 more--
Well, how many fucking people could it be?
- Well, just based on the period of the--
- Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.
What's going on?
- We're just ordering lunch.
- Hey.
- How you doin'?
- Nothing. We just dealin'
with a lotta bullshit over here.
Chaim, this intimacy coordinator.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
All right. What are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
- What are we gonna do here?
- Chaim,
take Jocelyn's phone and hide it from her.
- Gimme her phone.
- I mean--
She hasn't seen that shit, has she?
- No.
- Make sure she doesn't.
Jocelyn is in a actually
quite vulnerable position
for all the power
and privilege that she has.
Oh, yeah, she looks super vulnerable.
This is actually a structural--
- Hey, how you doin' today?
- Great.
- Hi.
- Good.
You and me gonna talk in private, okay?
Well, we actually are just right
in the middle of something--
Well, now you gonna be
in the middle of something else.
All right? Come on.
Thank you so much.
Keep making the magic, everybody!
This way, come here.
The person being photographed is saying
she wants to show her breasts.
She's saying she wants to do it.
Somebody bring that cat home
from the shelter.
More nails like a kitty. Like a kitty cat.
I'm here to protect
this person that you care about with you.
Is that right?
- Yes!
- Well, I got it covered.
Okay? So, thank you very much,
but you don't need to do that
by fucking up the entire day.
Yeah, it looks great.
You'll thank me when you're 60.
That's great.
Little more nipple because
we got rid of the nipple police.
If she wants to be nude,
all we have to do is redo the rider
and come back in 48 hours.
What am I supposed to do today?
I paid for this whole day already.
So what are we supposed to do?
Just flush that money down the toilet?
It's the price of safety.
Let's go in-- Come in here.
I don't want everybody to hear this.
Please step in here.
- That's a bathroom.
- It's a very big bathroom.
Please, get the fuck in there.
- What are you doing?!
- Price of fucking safety.
Hey, hey! You! Come here!
You want $5,000?
You keep this door shut
for the next three hours.
Three. Hold it.
You gotta hold it really hard.
- Who's in here?
- All right?
None of your business.
Just take it or leave it, yes?
- Yeah? Okay, good.
- Yeah, yeah.
This is, like, $2,000.
I give you the rest later.
Don't let him out of there!
Oh, my God.
Okay, all right! Thank you, Daniel!
You did a great job!
Everybody feels real safe.
But wait, if the music's getting louder,
then somebody has to have my phone.
Why would you police those tits?
- Great. Beautiful.
- Why?
- Can I borrow you for a minute?
- Okay.
- This way, please.
- I'll be back.
Google Jocelyn right now.
- Google Jocelyn.
- Yup.
- Images?
- What?
- Yeah.
Easy, easy, easy, easy.
- Does she know about this?
- No, she does not know about it.
- Okay?
- What the fuck. Who did this?
We don't know, but we gotta deal with it.
That brazen little minx. Fuck!
Benjamin is here. Let's go talk.
What the hell are we gonna do
when she sees this photo
and she has a psychotic break?
Yeah, that's why we have
to keep it from her as long as possible.
She's not going to have a psychotic break.
Eventually, she's gonna set it.
No one's having a psychotic--
- Let's all calm down.
- Yeah, please. Deep breath.
Okay. I'm gonna give some information.
I need it to be received
peacefully, calmly. Okay?
We're the number one
trending topic on Twitter.
- Okay. All right.
- It's not...
- No. I find out who did this.
- ...a bad--
May God have mercy on their fucked up,
depraved soul. Okay?
The photo could be worse.
It could be worse.
- It could be worse?
- Yeah.
- How is that fuckin' possible?
- Well, with Jocelyn,
anything is fuckin' possible.
I don't mean to be a cynic--
- Hi. Hi.
- Oh, Talia, hi!
- Nikki, hello.
- Hi, hello. You look fantastic.
- You look chic.
- Thank you so much.
Hey! I'm Chaim. I'm Jocelyn's manager.
Talia Hirsch, "Vanity Fair."
"Vanity Fair." Okay. How you doing?
- Nice to see you.
Wow. "Vanity"-- Okay.
- How are you doing?
- Oh, you know.
We've been a little bit better.
You know what,
I think I left it on the bathroom sink.
We'll find it.
Let's just get you ready for rehearsal.
I left it literally right there.
Really? That's so weird.
Who hasn't? Who among us
has not had cum on their face?
- Okay.
- I think it used to be fun.
- Didn't it used to be f--
- Anyway--
Wasn't that a hot date years ago?
- Oh, boy.
- I'm just saying.
She's been through a lot.
What's disgusting is the fact that
people aren't looking at her
as the victim in all of this.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything's fine.
Really? What were you guys
talking about out there?
Nothing.
Joss, the dancers have been outside
for, like, 45 minutes in the hot sun--
- Ah, fuck, really?
- Let's just get you changed.
- Sorry.
- Thank you.
- Go! More, more, more!
- Her mother died of cancer.
I mean, Jocelyn was there.
The morphine, and the thing,
and holding her mother's hand
till the last breath, the death rattle,
the whole thing.
We don't need to go deep on that,
but she is prioritizing wellness,
which is, I think,
a really important thing.
Yeah, like that Black girl
in the Olympics.
You know the one.
The American hero one.
Right?
- Yeah, Simone Biles.
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's gotta say,
it's gotta say "revenge porn."
It's gotta say "revenge porn"
or they're not gonna take it down.
- Okay.
- Andrew Finkelstein.
- Do you have ID?
- Revenge porn?
Yeah. No, I'm from Live Nation.
I've been here many, many times.
- Listen, that's what--
- That's great. Do you have ID?
No, I don't fuckin' have ID!
But, ultimately, you know,
we've pushed the tour,
we've refunded the tickets,
and that, I think, for something--
for someone of that age
is a really courageous thing.
But the tickets are back on sale.
Yeah.
The new single drops in two weeks.
- It's incredible.
- It's lights out.
- Honestly, this song-- I love this song.
- It's good.
- It's good. It's good.
- "World Class Sinner" it's called.
- Listen to me, it's gotta--
- There's a lotta people here today.
- We can't let anyone in without an ID.
- Jesus fucking--
Okay, let me deal
with this fuckin' jabroni.
Hang on. I'm gonna Google myself.
Here, watch this. Ready?
"Andrew Finkelstein, Live Nation."
What? Whoa, who's that?
See that punim?
See this face? See that face?
Wow, they're similar.
Okay, okay, sir, calm down.
You don't have to be
so rude about it.
I'll get this figured out, okay?
Yeah, I don't have to be so rude.
You know, my fucking star client
has a face full of cum.
I'm not rude.
That's fine, no problem.
Joss, Talia Hirsch
from "Vanity Fair" is here.
She's probably just gonna ask you
some questions.
Just tell her you're late.
Do you need anything?
A water or anything?
- I could do, like, a--
- Oh, hello!
- Hi.
- Hi. Joss, meet Talia from "Vanity Fair,"
- one of the great pop culture writers.
- Hi.
- I do profiles.
- We do profiles.
- So nice to meet you.
- It's so, so lovely to meet you.
I actually grew up watching you
on "Rock House."
Oh, my God, that is so sweet.
I'm really excited to talk to you.
I'm just in the middle of something,
- but I'll come find you later, okay?
- Yeah, for sure.
I'm sure it's been a lot today.
Yeah, so nice to meet you.
- Yeah. See you.
- I'll see you a little bit later.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. Why?
Just asking.
- Hey!
- Hi!
- Hi.
We're goin' out tonight, you know that.
- I don't know.
- No, don't be boring.
So, no one's told her about the photo yet?
- All right, dancers in positions!
- One sec.
Let's go! Right there.
Super wide. Sit in that right hip.
Who should I ask?
I am not the bad guy here.
Finkelstein's at the gate.
Let me call you back.
I'll call you back.
What the fuck? Are you kidding me?
Yeah, so, what you gonna do with him?
Lock him in a closet, too?
I'm just doin' my job, man.
Remind me to let that guy out
at some point,
- but not yet.
- All right.
Mr. Finkelstein.
So sorry for the inconvenience.
- Now you're sorry. Thank you.
- Right this way.
You're a mensch.
Wonderful fucking service.
Just send it now!
Twitter is calling her the human cum sock!
Here we go! Seven. Eight.
One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Sharp six!
Really hit these pictures, dancers.
Arms up! Six. Seven. Eight.
One! Two. And Three. And Four.
I love how referential
the choreography is.
- It's an homage.
- To Britney.
Yeah, I mean,
I think what Britney and Jocelyn
have gone through is really unique,
but ultimately
universal. You know?
Look at what she's overcome.
You know, the press has been brutal
with Britney as well.
Like, people count them out,
and this is Jocelyn saying,
"I will not be written off."
Go!
More, more, more! Come on, you're late!
Two. Three. Hey! Come on, focus, Joss.
Andrew Finkelstein,
my second favorite Jew.
- Jesus Christ.
- How you doin'? You all right?
I am not in the mood for
the Jewish shit today, Chaim, not today.
I'm just saying,
if you're linking to the photo,
you're part of the problem.
If you link to the photo,
The teamwork on this fuckin' video.
I want you to see it.
It's what you dream about,
but you never get.
It's what I dream about--
Do you know what I dream about?
I dream about 40,000-seat arenas
- sold out across the United States.
- Me too, Andrew.
Right now, that's a fucking pipe dream.
- 'Cause tickets aren't selling.
- Okay. All right, all right.
You know, you worry too much.
- Just relax.
- I worry too much.
My shareholders think I worry too little.
Every time I fuckin' breathe in and out,
- I hemorrhage money, for Christ's sake.
- Yeah, that's their job. Okay?
Tell your shareholders
that everything's good.
Tickets went on sale one week ago.
Single hasn't dropped yet.
- Relax.
- Relax?
Have you seen this one?
How are 14-year-old girls
gonna buy tickets for this
when she's frosted like a Pop Tart?
Can you breathe?
Wanna get you a coffee or water?
What do you need?
I'd like a Voss, please.
Is that Andrew Finkelstein
from Live Nation?
Oh, yeah, yes it is.
- Oh, my God, Talia.
- Oh, my God! Xander!
Well, yeah.
Of course, you guys are friends.
- You look gorgeous, babe.
- Thank you! So do you.
But you are a champion of women.
No, I'm not being sarcastic.
I'm trying to draw the connection.
We follow each other on Twitter.
I see the links that you post.
Yeah,
and then you're linking to this photo.
Good, come on! This is the end!
I want it sharp!
Five. Six. Seven!
Arms up. You're late.
That should be on seven, not on eight.
All right. That was okay.
We definitely need to do that again.
You okay? You seem really tired.
- Your snaps are, like, so tired.
- I know.
You just need to commit.
I just, like, I haven't slept at all.
You know it.
I think you should take a break.
Dyanne!
Take a break, watch Dyanne do it.
Go relax and watch.
I mean, they look like
they're fuckin' extras in "Rent."
- Okay, let's go!
- Andy Finkelstein,
to what do we owe the pleasure?
Well, my 15-year-old daughter today
sent me a photo I really wish she hadn't.
Did you come all the way over here
to slut shame Jocelyn?
Oh, there's no shame in being a slut,
case in point.
I'm just worried she's having another
psychotic break.
- No, no. No.
- But she never had a psychotic break.
Never had one.
She was just exhausted
- and she was tired.
- Joss! Joss!
- She's tired.
- Look. See?
- She's doin' great, okay?
- Hey, honey!
Look at that. Now, does that look like
someone on the verge of a psychotic break?
- Exactly.
- Joss!
Keep your eyes on Dy.
I want your eyes on her
for every little detail, okay?
Walk! Power!
Yes! Lick it! Spank it! Drop it!
Hip, hip, hip! Around! Amazing, Dy!
Yes! Exactly what I want.
Yes, partners!
She's a trouper.
She reminds me of myself at that age.
Okay, the thought of you younger
is terrifying to me.
I was having fun.
I was getting fucked in the ass
of the Capitol Records building stairwell
and then walking straight into meetings.
Yeah, I remember.
I was the one fucking you.
- Jesus Christ!
- Learn from the best.
I'm so sorry.
Can I just remind everybody that we
have "Vanity Fair" with us today?
- So, if we could just...
- Oh, my God!
- ...keep the shit-talk to a--
- Having her around
is like living in communist China.
- How's it been?
- Yeah, it's been good.
You're doing her creative, right?
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
- Cool.
- Yeah.
- How the hell is that?
It's good. We're all very excited
about the song, you know?
But she's just fucking evolving
and embracing and it's inspiring.
I think we're all very proud.
Sexy! Push 'em away.
Hi! Look at that, that little princess.
I'm just a freak, yeah
So show me why you came
Sick! Incredible. Beautiful.
So fucking good.
Thank you. Thank you.
Joss, do you see that?
You wanna jump in?
God, I wish I could dance like you.
Give it all you got, Joss.
- This is the one.
- Ya ready?
Are they all watching me?
Joss, you got this.
We're all here 'cause of you.
All right, let's go. This is the one.
Poses. Sit in that right hip, Joss!
Okay, we're gonna crush this one.
Energy, commitment.
You got this, Joss.
All right, let's do this.
- Nina? You ready?
- All right. Here we go!
All right, dancers in position.
Let me see those poses.
And music!
Five, six, seven, eight!
Take your time.
Really feel it. Camera! Nice!
Beautiful!
Sharp!
- Those eyes!
- Baby it's hard to see
- Beautiful!
- When you're lookin' at me
- Hop! Push 'em. Push!
- But I do what I want
- Don't give a fuck at all
- Push him down, eyes up. Up!
- Lookin' for somethin' sweet
- Hit it!
When it comes time to eat
- Eyes up!
- You better start to run
When I call
'Cause I know that you don't
- Yeah! Almost make out!
- Really know how to handle it
Make it really steamy!
Let me feel the heat!
So, get down on your knees
- Yes, goddess! Beautiful, Joss.
- And get ready to become my bitch
Nice!
I'm just a freak, yeah
You know I want it bad
And we can meet, yeah
But I don't need to know your name
- Fuck! All right!
- You can pull my hair
- Touch me anywhere
- Woo! Yes, get it!
- Ball and chain
- This is it!
- Yes!
- I'm just a freak, yeah
Beautiful! Let's end this strong!
So show me why you came
Don't forget your energy!
Five. Six. Seven!
- Yes! Incredible!
- Fuck yeah!
- I knew you had it.
- Good job, Joss!
- That's exactly it.
- Good job!
- Fucking stunning.
- Come on.
She's one of the greatest stars
to ever live.
Benjamin, did you get
the revised statement from Holly?
- Revenge porn?
- Yeah, exactly that.
Make sure that every dipshit
with a keyboard
has it spoon-fed down
their fuckin' throat.
But it's true?
Well, if we say it is.
- I'm in a "Twilight Zone" episode.
- All right, people.
- Okay, see you later.
- We live to fight another day.
- Hi, should we go in the sauna?
- Yeah, sure.
Hey, Joss, Nikki and Chaim
just wanna go over
a couple things really quick.
They're in the living room.
- Did you find my phone?
- Yeah, it's up there.
- Okay, see you in there.
- Bye.
I mean, it could be way worse.
- There's, there's not--
- She's coming. I'll do it.
- I'll do it.
- Oh, my God.
Yeah, I'll do it, relax.
I knew it.
I knew it all day. I just had a feeling
something was going on.
What is it?
This just posted on the internet.
This is everywhere?
Yeah.
We've subpoenaed Reddit.
They're tracking down
the IP address that posted it.
So we're on it.
It's not a big deal.
I mean, I feel like it
could be a lot worse.
- Right? Right.
- 100%.
- Yeah, that's what I said.
- Yeah. We're on it.
- Yeah.
- Don't worry.
- Tomorrow, I wanna wake up to, like,
150 Google Alerts telling me Jocelyn's
some kind of feminist hero, right?
- Okay. Yeah, me too.
- You can do that.
But I'm gonna start with victim
- and move up from there.
- Yeah.
- Well, it's the same difference.
- I don't understand anything.
How could it possibly be
any fucking worse?
Just tell me a scandal that was worse,
recently!
She's coming out of it
more famous than when she came in.
- And that's! That's the win.
- Let's just put it that way.
Oh, you think the--
That's gonna be the reaction to this?
To what do they call this?
The Bugooki?
The Banooki? The Bonaki?
- What do they call the word?
- Bukkake.
Bukkake. That's gonna make her
more famous than before?
- Kim Kardashian's a billionaire.
- Well, it's n--
I would say it's actually not
a bukkake because
that's kind of--
that's multiple people, right?
And this, I think it's just one.
What was the name of that club?
Back up, back up, back up!
We're here to drink.
We're here to dance.
We're here to fall in love.
We're here to fuck!
All those troubles outside,
they do not exist
in this building right now.
Fuck all that!
This is a church for all you sinners.
So, shots for everybody in here!
On me! Let's go!
Could I just get a water, please?
Have some fucking fun.
Loosen up.
I know, it's just so loud in here.
I have to, like--
- It's a fucking club.
- I know it's a club.
Jocelyn's on a manhunt, I guess.
Just like a prayer I'll take you there
I'll take you there
It's like a dream
Turn the music,
turn the music off for a second. Is that?
Is that Jocelyn?
Hold on, is that Jocelyn
on my dance floor in my club?
Ah, no, no, no. You're an icon.
You're a legend.
Oh, my God, and you're so beautiful.
I gotta, I gotta-- Can I--
I gotta have a dance with you.
Can I dance with you?
I'm gonna dance with you.
Yo, bring, bring that back.
Turn that back. I'm comin',
I'm comin' over there.
Wait, is he actually coming over here?
Who is he?
Tedros. He owns the place.
In the midnight hour
I can feel a power
Just like a prayer
You know I'll take you there
- Yeah, I'm comin' over there.
- When you call my name
It's like a little prayer
I'm down on my knees
I wanna take you there
In the midnight hour
I can feel your power
Just like a prayer
You know I'll take you there
Ah-ah
Come on, like this.
- Ah-ah, Ah-ah
- Are you shy now?
- Life is a mystery
- Oh, hey!
Everyone must stand alone
- There she is.
- I hear you call my name
And it feels like home
Just like a prayer
Your voice can take me there
Just like a muse to me
You are a mystery
Just like a dream
You are not what you seem
Just like a prayer
You're dangerous.
I mean, how could anyone
not fall in love with you?
I don't even know you.
Just like a prayer I'll take you there
- It's like a dream to me
- Excuse me?
Could I just get a water, please?
It's been, like, seven minutes.
Gimme a minute.
You fit perfectly in my arms.
Your voice
It's like an angel sighin'
I have no choice
I hear your
So, this is your place?
You own this place?
Welcome to my shit hole.
I've never fucked anyone
with a rattail before.
A what?
You have a rattail.
A rattail? Is that what you called it?
Joss?
Joss? I have your bag.
Who the fuck is that?
Hey, Joss?
Where the fuck is she?
Hey, have any of you guys seen Joss?
Where is she?
She's gone.
Jesus Christ.
God.
What a fuckin' boner killer.
I know, she prevented us
from starting our family.
I'm so sorry.
Joss?
Do you wanna dance?
What? Oh, sorry. I'm looking for,
I'm looking for--
Is that a yes?
Yeah!
All right, when can I hear this new album?
Never.
- Never?
- No.
- Why the fuck not?
- Because it's, like, stupid,
and I hate it
and you're gonna hate it, too.
You hate it?
How can you put out something you hate?
Well, you obviously don't work
in the music industry.
Pop music is just
- superficial.
- I think Prince would disagree with you.
I love Prince.
Are you gonna call
"When Doves Cry" fuckin' superficial?
No, I love that song.
If that song came out today,
it'd be a smash tomorrow.
So, all I have to do is
make music like Prince?
- I didn't say that.
- Easy. I'll just do that.
- No. I didn't say that.
- Why didn't I think of that?
You can't make music like Prince.
Pop music is like
the ultimate Trojan Horse.
Ya get people to dance,
ya get people to sing along.
Could say whatever you want.
Shit's powerful.
I like you.
I like you, too.
You got the best job in the world.
Should be having way more fun.
I'm trying.
Da, da, da
Uh, da, da, da, uh, uh
Da, da, da, uh, uh
Down, down
Come here.
Joss?
Gotta get up.
How long have you lived here?
Like two years.
Did your mom live here, too?
Okay, look.
I'm not supposed to say things like this,
but I find you so impressive.
The fact that that photo came out
and I can't even imagine
all the shame and humiliation
you must've been feeling,
but it didn't derail you.
The focus that must've taken.
It's like an Olympian.
It's extraordinary.
I'm sorry.
Was there a question?
Did it hurt?
That photo? The betrayal of it?
Of course.
But, I mean, what am I supposed to do?
I don't know.
Fuck up the guy that did it to you.
Like in the piece you're writing?
Yeah, actually.
I think it would be inspirational
for young women and girls
all around the world
who have been targeted and humiliated
in the way you were.
Revenge is empowerment?
It's human, I think.
Look, I think five years ago
when people would tell me
that it was important to comment
on something publicly,
I would buy into it.
But now I just know
that I'm being hustled.
Yeah, I mean, obviously, my editor
is breathing down my neck,
gun to my back,
trying to get me to get you
to talk about this photo.
It's all anyone can talk about.
I get it.
We all have to answer to somebody.
Who do you answer to?
God.
Listen, lady,
we can do this downtown if you want.
So, read me my rights and arrest me.
Otherwise, get the fuck outta here.
Do you like the single?
Yeah!
- Really?
- Joss, it's amazing.
Why?
I don't know. I just feel like--
I know it, like, works commercially,
but I just feel like
every time I listen to it,
I'm, like, fucking embarrassed.
Well, that's because it's different
than anything you've ever done before.
It's, like, edgy but, like, in a cool way.
It's really good.
"Baby, you better have a bank account
if you wanna see what I'm about.
I'm a good girl gone bad.
Get in that car. Drive fast"?
Okay, well
every song sounds weird
when you just talk the lyrics.
Okay?
But also, it's, like
not every song has to be like--
It's fun, you know?
Like, you wanna dance to it
- and, like, vibe.
- Yeah, but I just feel like I've, like--
I don't know.
I haven't done anything in, like, a year.
And I just feel like people are,
like, waiting for me to fail.
And I just don't wanna,
like, prove them right.
Yeah, but, Joss, you always do this.
You always second-guess yourself
right before something comes out.
You're just gonna drive yourself crazy.
I just don't wanna, like,
make a fool of myself.
I don't want people to,
like, make fun of me.
They're not.
Trust me.
It's good. It's, like, really good.
I think I'm gonna invite Tedros over.
The rattail club guy?
Yeah.
- Joss.
- What?
I hate his vibe.
- Really?
- Yes!
- What's wrong with him?
- He's so rape-y.
Yeah, I kinda like that about him.
Joss. No. Gross.
So disturbing.
Yeah, it teaches you to lie.
How's that?
You make stuff up,
it has to be believable.
It's called suspension of disbelief.
- I like that! Suspension of disbelief.
- It's gonna be fine.
Okay?
Trust me.
A detective.
He falls for the wrong woman.
What happens?
She kills him.
Hey, Joss?
Tedros is at the gate.
Okay, just tell him I'm getting ready.
I'll be down in, like, soon.
is that what you're wearing?
Yeah.
With the heels?
I wanna be taller than him.
Okay.
Cool.
I'm just like--
I'm lounging.
I love it. I'll go tell him to wait.
Okay, be mysterious.
- Okay. I'll be very mysterious.
- Okay.
Hi.
Leia?
Yes.
Thank you for that.
Yeah, so Jocelyn is just
finishing getting ready, so.
You can chill in the living room,
have a drink, whatever.
Just make yourself at home.
You sure?
Hello, Angel.
- Hello, Angel.
- You call all the girls Angel?
Just you.
Yeah, right.
We should do a shot.
Number two. Look me in the eyes.
Cheers. Cheers.
Cheers.
Hey, Joss,
you have to be up at 7 A.M. tomorrow.
Okay.
Fuck's up with her?
- She doesn't wanna hang out with us?
- She's my assistant.
And my best friend.
She's your best friend and your assistant?
Yeah.
She's your best friend that works for you?
- Yeah, isn't that nice?
- Really?
Don't you think that's kinda, like,
a nice arrangement?
For her it's amazing.
Fuck. Can I be your best friend?
I'd love to get paid.
Can I play you my new song?
Are you desperate to put
this specific song out?
No, I'm not desperate
to put anything out, my team is.
'Cause everyone in my life is, like,
telling me that it's really great
but I don't believe them.
Why?
'Cause when you're famous,
everyone lies to you.
And you trust me?
I just think you're enough of an asshole
that you might tell me the truth.
Cheers to that.
- You gonna help me?
- Are you gonna go all the way down?
All right, let's go, let's go.
- That's where my studio is.
- Oh, my God.
All right, this is the song
I was telling you about.
It's still super rough.
It's not, like, mixed or anything.
Baby, it's hard to see
When you're lookin' at me
But I do what I want
Don't give a fuck at all
Lookin' for somethin' sweet
When it comes time to eat
You better start to run when I call
'Cause I know that you don't really know
how to handle it
So, get down on your knees
And get ready to become my bitch
I'm just a freak, yeah
You know I want it bad
And we can meet, yeah
But I don't need to know your name
You can pull my hair,
touch me anywhere
Ball and chain
I'm just a freak, yeah,
so show me why you came
Baby, ain't nothin' free
Especially not with me
Better have a bank account
If you wanna see what I'm about
I'm a good girl gone bad
- Why'd you stop it?
- 'Cause it's done.
And you hate it.
I liked it.
- It was good. It's a hit, yeah.
- Really?
I can see why the label
wants to put it out.
I don't know. I feel like it's, like,
too superficial or something.
Why?
Because it's like--
I don't know if it's, like, honest.
So, you're not a freak?
You could release "I'm a Nun" instead.
I'm not a nun.
Are you sure?
I'm positive.
Is this the first song you recorded
after your mother?
Yeah.
Well, I like it.
It's good, yeah.
Just one minor note.
- What's that?
- I don't believe you.
If you're gonna sing a song called
"I'm a Freak,"
you should at least sing it
like you know how to fuck.
What makes you think
I don't know how to fuck?
Your vocal performance.
Fuck you.
Do you ever listen to Donna Summer?
"Love to Love You Baby"?
When she sings
there's no doubt that
she knows how to fuck.
Yeah.
You could hear it in her voice.
You can feel it.
But not with me?
Not yet.
You sing sitting down?
I do.
Get up.
You gotta stop carin' what people think.
You are...
too...
locked up in your head.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, you're thinking too much.
You need to block out the world.
Feel it.
Do you trust me?
No.
Don't be scared.
Open your mouth.
Now you can sing.
Oh, Nikki, ohhhh
Ohh
Come back, Nikki, come back
Your dirty little Prince wanna grind
Grind, grind, grind, grind,
grind, grind, grind, grind